Update README.md (#148)
getsentry/sentry-toolbar: README.md

#### Conditionally inserting script tag

It's possible to dynamically insert the script tag inside an SPA app, prior to calling `SentryToolbar.init()`, so that only users who are eligible . See docs/conditional-script.md for example code. This will help reduce network traffic for your users because they do not have the credentials needed to login

This example code will be eventually implemented as an NPM package, but for now it's something to be done manually.

### Injecting the toolbar into a site

> To inject the toolbar into 'random' sites, configure and paste the following snippets into the console:

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this to be like: temporarily into your own site

That kind of idea instead of saying 'random' literally.

> To inject the toolbar into 'random' sites, configure and paste the following snippets into the console:

Author: ```suggestion
To temporarily inject the toolbar into your own sites, configure and paste the following snippets into the console:
```

1.
```javascript
var s = document.createElement('script');
s.src = "https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/sentry-toolbar/latest/toolbar.min.js";
document.head.appendChild(s);
```
2.
```javascript
window.SentryToolbar.init({ ... });
```

To view feature flags, you will need to set your feature flag configuration before you initialize the toolbar.

> Also remember to edit the Project Settings > Developer Toolbar in sentry.io to allow the domain that the webapp uses!

Reviewer: Do these both mean the same thing? We could probably clarify and consolidate the message.

> To view feature flags, you will need to set your feature flag configuration before you initialize the toolbar.
> Also remember to edit the Project Settings > Developer Toolbar in sentry.io to allow the domain that the webapp uses!

Author: ```suggestion
To view feature flags, you will need to set your feature flag configuration before you initialize the toolbar. Also, remember to edit the Project Settings > Developer Toolbar in sentry.io to allow the domain that the web app uses!
```

#### Conditionally inserting script tag

It's possible to dynamically insert the script tag inside an SPA app, prior to calling `SentryToolbar.init()`, so that only users who are eligible . See docs/conditional-script.md for example code. This will help reduce network traffic for your users because they do not have the credentials needed to login

This example code will be eventually implemented as an NPM package, but for now it's something to be done manually.

### Injecting the toolbar into a site

To inject the toolbar into 'random' sites, use this snippet:

> Configure and paste the following into the console:

Reviewer 2: are these two sentences redundant?

> To inject the toolbar into 'random' sites, use this snippet:
> 
> Configure and paste the following into the console:

Author: ```suggestion
To inject the toolbar into 'random' sites, configure and paste the following snippets into the console:
```

1.
```javascript
var s = document.createElement('script');
s.src = "https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/sentry-toolbar/latest/toolbar.min.js";
document.head.appendChild(s);
```
2.
```javascript
window.SentryToolbar.init({ ... });
```

> To view feature flags, you would need to set your feature flag configuration before you initialize the toolbar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view feature flags, you will need to set your feature flag configuration before you initialize the toolbar.
```
should we include a link to where they can learn how to configure it?

Author: the docs for how to configure this are not out yet :( but yes once they're out we should!

> Also remember to edit the Project Settings > Dev Toolbar in sentry.io to allow the domain that the webapp uses!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also remember to edit the Project Settings > Developer Toolbar in sentry.io to allow the domain that the webapp uses!
```
